So congratulations everybody,
you've managed to make it through all
of the layout projects here for CSS.
Now if you're interested in taking
all of this stuff to the next level,
we have one final page here on the website
that will talk about some next steps.
So one of the things that you can do would
be to assemble a full web page using
the layouts provided.
So we've coded a lot of parts of webpages,
but
we haven't actually put this
together into a full site.
So could you take that third layout
that we did with the wacky grid and
turn that into a homepage?
Could you set up an actual full team page?
You'll need to add a navbar and
a footer to this, probably,
in order to make it look
like a full website.
But you should be able to do that, either
through some of my other Frontend Masters
courses that you have watched that will
allow you to see that kind of thing.
You can also apply this exact four-part
approach to your future work.
When you go to work tomorrow,
apply this four-part approach to
everything that you do going forward.
This is not just a thing for school, it
is in fact the way the real world works.
You always start with looking at your
designs, thinking about pitfalls,
how you're gonna mark it up, what is
the information you're trying to convey?
Do your semantic HTML markup,
do your mobile layout,
then add on the breakpoints one at a time
until you run out of breakpoints to
set up the rest of your page.
I have links here to my other courses at
Frontend Masters if you'd like to take
a look at those.
They will give you more information
about layouts with Flexbox and Grid,
I have a whole course on that.
My Getting Started with CSS course
will walk you through putting together
a portfolio website.
That's something else that might
be of interest to many of you.
And as I've mentioned,
the Intermediate HTML and CSS course.
We'll talk a lot about weird
selectors that we use today.
We'll talk about the cascade and
inheritance and other aspects of CSS.
And then finally, at the end here,
I have a few references.
These are things that we mentioned today
that you might wanna know more information
about, including the complete guides
to Grid and Flexbox at CSS Tricks.
It addition to additional
reading on cascade layers or
whether a perfect view port size exists.
So be sure to take a look at that
last page here in the course website.
And I hope to see you again in
a future course at Frontend Masters.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> [LAUGH]